Update Role Permissions on Data Plane Activation Doc (#646)
astronomer/docs: astro/data-plane-activation.md

### Pre-Flight Checklist
When you arrive at your data plane activation appointment, please ensure you have:
- [ ] [Astro CLI](install-cli.md) installed for any users who will develop pipelines

> - [ ] Clean AWS Account created, which you have the following permissions on:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] A clean AWS Account
- [ ] A user with the following permissions to that AWS account:
```
